---
published: true
title: Learning New skill
layout: post
---
Today's world is running at good speed and if individual is unable to comprehend that every few years he/she needs to learn new skills as current skills eventually become obsolete or taken over by some new thing it would become difficult to survive. It has been 6 years that i am working in same set of skills - consulting. During last 2 years I have done twice the amount of job as compare to starting 4 years. Secondly I have learned 2 new skills which is keeping me afloat in my current firm. This led me to deep thinking that how long will sustain with these skills and how soon I have learn a new skills in order keep afloat. Well learning is daily activity but learning a new skill involves time and experience. Just learning new skills through courses wont be enough. Now learning a new skills has become another challenge as it has became a tool for survival in this world. Now there is 2 situation arises for me here - Whether I should expand my current SAP skill set by learning a new module or learn a entire new skill and add another set of skill in my role. If I think of first, there is another challenge arise that that beyond my current module every module looks exactly same as I don't have any experience in any them. Now learning a new module and implementing them are entirely different aspects as learning is not that complex as compare to implementation because in later case we need to first comprehend client requirements properly and then based on their requirement we need to build the system and that involves a lot of critical, logical and decision making skills which does not comes from theory of module. From a investment point of view, learning a new SAP skill today give returns in at least another 3 years from now and by that time i guess returns would become futile if we compare with the advancement of technology. 

Will continue with 2nd part in next blog..