---
published: true
title: Dressing Sense
layout: post
---
I do worry about dressing sense, what i am wearing or what i should wear. I am not one of those who buy only when event requires rather I prefer to buy things anytime. I learned this dressing sense from our dad, since school he was very particular about uniforms though we didn't have much choice to wear but still the way he take care of his own garments and he still do!! it gets engraved in our habits that how clothes need to be taken care and of course mum who was strict about cleaning taught me how to keep clothes clean. In college, though i didn't care much about what i am wearing whether it suits the occasion as it doesn't matter in hostels and choosing own clothes wasn't an option and if we had, we don't have the option of place to buy from. Since we weren't in good finance shape in our school days, dad always prefer to buy clothes from limited shops to save money and always told us to buy from same shops. It wasn't until after my 4 years of experience i started spending on clothes as in early firms where i worked there wasn't too much requirement of dress code but still i carry some dressing sense. MY sense improved when I joined EY where dress code is must and i remember i was told to join the client in suits and i purchased suites the very next day and that too 3. Now i prefer to wear suites as it suites my personality though not many people has complimented but i prefer. In my opinion dressing sense tells a lot about your personality and one of the important aspect it highlights that how you present yourself. Your first impression vary very much from your clothes. It does tells about cleanliness and tidiness. And its important since a customer or client does not prefer to discuss to listen to person who does not take of himself. He would thought how one can advice me how to carry firm when he doesn't know how to carry himself...