---
published: true
title: Finally, Its completed!!!
layout: post
---
After 7 months of sheer determination, due diligence, months of extended job hours where night and day was nonexistent and facing numerous challenges such as of living and working it has finally completed and gone live. This was my 3rd consecutive implementation project in current firm and the hardest one till date in my career. Nothing feels better than sweet success of completing the project within deadline. It seems like you have won something, a sense of glorious victory, a compliment to your achievement and this phenomenal achievement was not that easy. This was the hardest and most challenging project for me. I had the most of number of users as core team which is around 20 and controlling them and fulfilling their requirements was most challenging part than developing system according to their needs but also the good part was that that I had the most number of intelligent and hard workers in core team who helped me a lot in completing the tedious activities of project. Among various other challenges another important challenge was living. location is very remote and it has been more than six months that i haven't tasted Juice but thanks other amenities such as mineral water, milk was available after months of daily complaints. Initially hotel rooms were not properly cleaned and sanitized and sub standard food was provided, drinks was only thing that was available easy but slowly things were little improved when client understood out impact. 
Last 3 months was crucial and we were not allowed leaves and i managed to visit home for twice only and that too for 4 days only. It seems like a cutoff from the world and friends, you staying and work with same people, you don't have personal space anymore it seems like hostel which is sometime good sometimes becomes horrible. One thing was complete available was time which we utilized effectively which bought us the desired consequence.
Overall I would say no matter what the condition is, if you win nothing else matters and then it become experience and that is invaluable.
